[dramatic piano music]
c0000001
- Hey, why don't we kiss?
c0000002
- The girl who says things
like that to tease me.
c0000003
Wait a minute.
c0000004
Who was she, again?
c0000005
[yawns]
c0000006
What is written hereafter
to be honest
c0000007
is something you might find
completely unbelievable.
c0000008
But everything
is true so make sure
c0000009
to read until the very end.
c0000010
You have to.
c0000011
What's all this?
c0000012
May 6th, I encountered
a wild bunny girl.
c0000013
Mm?
c0000014
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000015
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000016
♪ ♪
c0000017
c0000018
♪ ♪
c0000019
- [gasps]
c0000020
[grunts]
c0000021
What the heck is that?
- [shushes]
c0000022
- [gasps]
c0000023
[exhales]
c0000024
- How interesting.
c0000025
So then I take it you're
still able to see me?
c0000026
- [grunts]
c0000027
- Well, goodbye.
c0000028
- [gasps]
c0000029
- You're, uh, Sakurajima-senpai,
right?
c0000030
- Since you're referring to me
as senpai,
c0000031
that means you must be a student
at Minegahara High School.
c0000032
- I'm Sakuta Azusagawa,
class 2-1.
c0000033
You spell my first name like
"blooming taro"
c0000034
and my last name like
the rest stop.
c0000035
- I don't remember asking that.
c0000036
You can call me Mai Sakurajima,
spelled just like it sounds.
c0000037
- I know that.
c0000038
You're a celebrity, after all.
c0000039
- I'll give you
this one warning.
c0000040
Forget about what
you saw here today
c0000041
and don't involve yourself
with me under any circumstances.
c0000042
- [exhales]
c0000043
- If you understand that,
then say yes.
c0000044
- [stammers]
c0000045
- [grunts]
c0000046
[birds chirping]
c0000047
- She told me to forget, but...
c0000048
- [breathing deeply]
- Kaede, it's morning.
c0000049
Wake up.
c0000050
- [groaning]
c0000051
Please let me stay, big brother.
c0000052
I'm freezing.
- No, thanks.
c0000053
[both groaning]
c0000054
- Half of Kaede's made
of her feelings
c0000055
for you, big brother!
c0000056
- Stop saying such
embarrassing things.
c0000057
I think you're a little too old
to be climbing into my bed.
c0000058
It's not normal
for kids your age.
c0000059
You know that?
c0000060
- Is it 'cause it gets you
too excited in the morning?
c0000061
- Who would get excited over
his actual little sister?
c0000062
[train car rattling]
c0000063
Question.
c0000064
Do you like bunny girls, Kunimi?
c0000065
- I mean, not exactly.
c0000066
- Okay, do you love them?
c0000067
- Oh, yeah.
You bet I do.
c0000068
- So if you were to bump into
an attractive bunny girl
c0000069
at the library,
what would you do?
c0000070
- Hmm, a double-take?
- Right?
c0000071
- Then I would gawk at her.
- Right.
c0000072
Hey, Kunimi.
c0000073
You can see Sakurajima
a bit ahead of us, right?
c0000074
- Yep, crystal clear.
c0000075
- I wonder what kind
of person she is.
c0000076
- Mm, she's a celebrity,
isn't she?
c0000077
- Well, yeah, she is.
c0000078
- Despite being on hiatus,
she's still in show biz, right?
c0000079
- Yeah.
c0000080
I was honestly surprised
when I found out she goes
c0000081
to our school.
c0000082
- You know, while I'm
actually really glad that
c0000083
you're showing interest
in a girl other
c0000084
than Shoko Makinohara,
c0000085
I feel like this one might
be out of your league.
c0000086
- I never said I was asking
her out much less falling
c0000087
in love with her.
- Then what's your deal?
c0000088
- Sorry.
c0000089
I was thinking about
how I've never seen her
c0000090
with people while at school.
c0000091
She's always by herself here.
c0000092
- Hey, good morning, Yuma.
- Morning, Kamisato.
c0000093
I'll catch up with you later,
Sakuta.
c0000094
- [scoffs]
c0000095
- I heard this
from someone on my team.
c0000096
Apparently at the beginning
of her first year,
c0000097
Sakurajima didn't show up
to school even once.
c0000098
- Why not?
- 'Cause work.
c0000099
She mentioned going on hiatus
right when she got out
c0000100
of middle school but there
were jobs she was locked into
c0000101
way before that.
c0000102
Guess those obligations
kept her busy.
c0000103
He said she didn't start coming
to school regularly
c0000104
until after summer break.
c0000105
- That's pretty rough timing.
- Right?
c0000106
- Mai Sakurajima.
c0000107
The celebrity that
started school midway through
c0000108
the first year is an outsider.
c0000109
Once a class forms its shape,
c0000110
it doesn't change all
that easily.
c0000111
If you stand out then others
will talk behind your back,
c0000112
saying you're annoying
or you're showing off.
c0000113
And everyone knows there's
no chance of turning back
c0000114
once that happens.
c0000115
That's just the kind
of place school is.
c0000116
No one is able to approach her
or talk to her.
c0000117
They don't want to be isolated
for standing out.
c0000118
That's why Sakurajima's taking
the hint and doing her best
c0000119
to try to blend
with the atmosphere.
c0000120
I know it.
c0000121
- Hey, you and I need to talk.
c0000122
I'm going to get straight
to the point.
c0000123
Moving forward,
don't talk to Yuma.
c0000124
- I really don't think
me talking to him
c0000125
is endangering your guys'
relationship, Kamisato.
c0000126
- You know that's not
what I mean!
c0000127
This is about
the hospitalization incident.
c0000128
- Oh, yeah.
I suppose everyone's heard, huh?
c0000129
- If Yuma spends too much time
with a class loner like you,
c0000130
his popularity's gonna plummet,
c0000131
and I can't let that happen
to him.
c0000132
- Well, if we're going
by that logic,
c0000133
your own popularity is taking
a nosedive right now.
c0000134
You okay with that?
c0000135
- Are you picking a fight?
c0000136
- You picked one first.
c0000137
Why so angry?
Is it that time of the month?
c0000138
- [grunts]
c0000139
Just die!
You're the worst!
c0000140
Seriously, I hope you die!
c0000141
- At the end of the day,
c0000142
everyone says cliche things
like, "I'm bored,"
c0000143
or, "Isn't there anything
interesting out there?"
c0000144
But not one of them
is seeking any real change.
c0000145
[machine beeps]
c0000146
- Hey, that's Mai Sakurajima,
isn't it?
c0000147
- Where?
- Right there!
c0000148
That's totally her!
I'll take a pic just in case.
c0000149
- Yeah?
c0000150
- Ah, man.
c0000151
Could she turn this way more?
c0000152
[stammers]
Huh?
c0000153
What--what the hell are you--
c0000154
- I'm a human.
And what are you?
c0000155
A creepy photographer?
c0000156
- [grunts]
You little--
c0000157
- I think that's enough.
c0000158
We should go now.
- [scoffs]
c0000159
What's with that guy?
c0000160
It's just a picture!
c0000161
- Thank you for that.
c0000162
- Huh?
c0000163
- You assumed I'd get mad
at you and tell you
c0000164
to mind your own business.
- Yeah.
c0000165
- I did think that,
but I'm holding it in.
c0000166
- It's not holding it in
if you still tell me.
c0000167
- I'm used to people like that.
c0000168
- Regardless, it does wear
you down, doesn't it?
c0000169
- I guess you're right.
c0000170
It does get exhausting.
c0000171
[cell phone vibrating]
[gasps]
c0000172
- You don't have to answer that?
c0000173
- The train just arrived.
c0000174
Besides, I already know
what she wants from me.
c0000175
[brakes hissing]
c0000176
- About what happened yesterday.
c0000177
- I'm pretty sure I told you
to forget about that.
c0000178
- You seriously expect me
to forget such
c0000179
an erotic bunny outfit?
c0000180
- [gasps]
Hang on!
c0000181
You didn't do anything weird
c0000182
while thinking about me,
did you?
c0000183
Well, I'm honestly used
to being the subject
c0000184
of young boys' perverted
little fantasies,
c0000185
so it's fine or whatever.
c0000186
Actually, Azusagawa--
c0000187
- You remembered my name.
That's surprising.
c0000188
- Can we talk about these
rumors?
c0000189
I found something about
an incident where you sent
c0000190
three classmates
to the hospital.
c0000191
- I'm honored you're taking
an interest in me.
c0000192
- It's really amazing.
c0000193
All this information about one
person being publicly shared.
c0000194
- I had no idea I was being
posted about this much.
c0000195
- You haven't tried looking
it up yourself?
c0000196
- No 'cause I don't have
a smartphone.
c0000197
- Wait, you don't?
c0000198
- Well, I did used to have one
c0000199
but I got mad and tossed
it in the sea.
c0000200
- The sea's not the place
for your garbage.
c0000201
You don't have any friends,
do you?
c0000202
- I have friends.
Two, even.
c0000203
- What do you mean, "even?"
c0000204
- As far as I'm concerned,
c0000205
I think having two
is more than enough.
c0000206
I just have to keep them
for the rest of my life.
c0000207
- Ah.
c0000208
- So, now that you've read all
the rumors,
c0000209
I'm curious to hear your
thoughts about them.
c0000210
- It's pretty obvious when
you give it some thought.
c0000211
There's no way someone
that caused such a huge incident
c0000212
would be able to attend school
like nothing happened.
c0000213
- Man, what I wouldn't give
to have everyone in my class
c0000214
hear you say that.
c0000215
- If what they're saying
about you is wrong,
c0000216
you should say so.
c0000217
- A rumor is kinda like
the atmosphere, don't you think?
c0000218
You know, that invisible thing
you need to take hints from
c0000219
as of late.
c0000220
And if you can't then you just
get labeled as good-for-nothing.
c0000221
To make it worse,
c0000222
the people creating
the atmosphere
c0000223
don't know they're doing it.
c0000224
So trying to fight against
it ends up being
c0000225
a big waste of time.
c0000226
- Basically, you're allowing
misunderstandings
c0000227
and simply giving up
from the start, you mean.
c0000228
[dramatic music]
c0000229
♪ ♪
c0000230
- All right, I think
it's your turn
c0000231
to do the talking now.
c0000232
What was all that yesterday?
c0000233
- I was six when I made
my showbiz debut.
c0000234
My first gig was the lead in
a drama series which led
c0000235
to more shows, movies,
and commercials.
c0000236
I grew up in the spotlight.
c0000237
- Yeah, I'd see Mai Sakurajima
on TV every day.
c0000238
- It was fun in the beginning
but gradually it became more
c0000239
and more stressful.
c0000240
It didn't matter where I went.
c0000241
I would always be the center
of attention.
c0000242
Eventually I started wishing
I could go to another world.
c0000243
One where nobody knows who I am.
c0000244
It was the start
of a four-day weekend
c0000245
when I first noticed that people
around me weren't able
c0000246
to see me.
c0000247
I went to the aquarium
completely on a whim.
c0000248
- Alone?
- Is there a problem?
c0000249
[groans]
c0000250
- She said it with
a straight face and everything.
c0000251
It's true!
- [gasps]
c0000252
I thought I was just imagining
it at first
c0000253
and everyone was just too
excited about all the fish.
c0000254
But when I stopped by
a cafe on my way home...
c0000255
Um, excuse me.
c0000256
Excuse me.
c0000257
[gasps]
[doorbell jingles]
c0000258
- How can I help you, sir?
c0000259
- Was it a place where you
did something so terrible,
c0000260
they banned you
from getting service?
c0000261
- No, of course it wasn't.
c0000262
- Hey, uh, your foot.
c0000263
- Is something wrong with it?
c0000264
- No, I like that
you're crushing my foot.
c0000265
- Back to the point.
c0000266
I quickly ran out of the cafe
and made my way back home.
c0000267
Once I got to Fujisawa,
everyone could see me just fine.
c0000268
So I
decided to go around
and investigate to see
c0000269
if the same thing would happen
in other place.
c0000270
- That's why you were
a bunny girl?
c0000271
- If they saw me in this then
people would stare, right?
c0000272
- Does this mean you're planning
on going out again today
c0000273
and being a bunny girl in
the wild?
c0000274
- Yep, and you'd better
not interfere.
c0000275
One custard-filled bun, please.
c0000276
'Scuse me.
One custard-filled bun, please.
c0000277
[groans]
c0000278
- Can I
have a custard bun?
- Sure, will that be all?
c0000279
- Yeah, just the one.
c0000280
Come to think of it,
isn't this kinda troubling?
c0000281
- You're right.
c0000282
Not being able to eat
the custard buns here
c0000283
is a problem.
c0000284
But anyway, do you
actually believe
c0000285
this ridiculous story of mine?
c0000286
- I know of others going
through things similar
c0000287
to what you're experiencing.
c0000288
They call it puberty syndrome,
don't they?
c0000289
- You think
it's puberty syndrome, huh?
c0000290
- Being able to hear people's
inner monologue,
c0000291
seeing another person's future,
c0000292
or even completely swapping
personas with someone.
c0000293
Rumors about those kinds
of things started being called
c0000294
puberty syndrome though
no one really knows
c0000295
who initially coined the term.
c0000296
- It can't be that.
c0000297
Those things
are just urban legends.
c0000298
Huh? What's this?
c0000299
- This would be my apartment.
- [groans]
c0000300
- Promise I won't do
anything weird.
c0000301
There's something important
I wanna show you that should be
c0000302
more than enough to prove that
I believe what you're saying.
c0000303
- Hmm.
c0000304
It's rather clean in here.
c0000305
- So, senpai--
c0000306
- Can you stop with
the whole senpai thing?
c0000307
I'd prefer if you didn't
call me that anymore.
c0000308
- Miss Sakurajima?
c0000309
- My last name is too long.
c0000310
- Just Mai, then.
c0000311
- Add the Miss back in.
c0000312
- All right, Miss Mai.
c0000313
- [grunts]
c0000314
You don't really strike me as
an Azusagawa,
c0000315
so I'll call you Sakuta.
c0000316
- Wh--Why are you stripping?
c0000317
You said you wouldn't
do anything weird!
c0000318
Stop that you--you sicko!
c0000319
- [gasps]
c0000320
That's real, isn't it?
c0000321
- You think someone would do
this with special effects
c0000322
makeup for fun?
c0000323
- May I touch?
- Yeah, sure.
c0000324
Oh!
- Don't make weird noises.
c0000325
- It's kinda sensitive there
so be gentle, please.
c0000326
- How's this?
- It feels amazing.
c0000327
Ah, ow, let go!
- How about this?
c0000328
Gentle enough for you?
c0000329
So what caused
a wound like that?
c0000330
- Well, I don't actually know.
c0000331
This is my sister Kaede.
- [grunts]
c0000332
- She wasn't assaulted
or anything.
c0000333
That's from being bullied on
the internet.
c0000334
- I'm not quite sure
what you're getting at.
c0000335
- She didn't reply to a message
she got or something.
c0000336
So a popular girl in her class
started hating her,
c0000337
and it led to people writing
horrible things about her
c0000338
on social media.
c0000339
And then one day...
c0000340
Hey, welcome home.
c0000341
- Big brother.
- Hmm? What's wrong?
c0000342
- [whimpers]
c0000343
- [gasps]
c0000344
What happened to me
and my sister is why I believe
c0000345
puberty syndrome
actually exists.
c0000346
- Yours occurred back then, too?
c0000347
- I still don't know how or why.
c0000348
I suddenly woke up covered
in blood,
c0000349
then was hospitalized.
c0000350
- [gasps]
c0000351
Wait, so
the hospitalization incident--
c0000352
- Yeah. It was me that
was sent to the hospital.
c0000353
- Big brother, are you in here?
c0000354
- So--so sorry!
c0000355
Next time you rent a girlfriend,
c0000356
please tell me in advance
so I know not to bother you!
c0000357
- Kaede, you really
shouldn't jump
c0000358
to conclusions like that.
c0000359
- Then is she making you buy
a vase?
c0000360
- Not even close.
c0000361
- She's selling English lessons?
c0000362
- I promise she's not here
to sell anything.
c0000363
She is an upper classman
from my school.
c0000364
- I'm Mai Sakurajima.
Nice to meet you.
c0000365
- [gasps]
c0000366
[grunts]
c0000367
My name's Kaeda Azusagawa.
Pleasure.
c0000368
- Let's see.
c0000369
She said, "My name's
Kaede Azusagawa.
c0000370
A pleasure."
[cat meows]
c0000371
- And this is Nasuno.
c0000372
"And this is Nasuno,"
is what that one was.
c0000373
- I appreciate you letting
me know, Kaede. Thank you.
c0000374
- [gasps]
c0000375
[whimpers]
- Sorry about that.
c0000376
She's terrified of strangers.
c0000377
These days she loves
the house so much,
c0000378
she doesn't go
to school anymore.
c0000379
- It seemed like she
didn't recognize me.
c0000380
- Well, yeah.
c0000381
She's not that into TV.
c0000382
For her, distancing herself
from the internet helped
c0000383
with lessening the symptoms
of puberty syndrome.
c0000384
That's actually the reason
I threw my smartphone
c0000385
into the sea.
c0000386
- So are you trying to tell me
c0000387
that my case is similar
to all this?
c0000388
- You're too good at your job.
c0000389
At school you play the role
of the atmosphere perfectly.
c0000390
That's why in order to not make
the situation any worse for you,
c0000391
I think it's probably better
for you to return
c0000392
to show business.
- Are you serious?
c0000393
- You might still be playing
the atmosphere
c0000394
but if you keep standing out
on TV,
c0000395
people won't be able
to ignore you.
c0000396
Plus I kinda get the feeling
you're dying to go back, anyway.
c0000397
- I'm curious to what
gave you that idea.
c0000398
- When we were on the train,
c0000399
I saw you giving an envious look
while staring up
c0000400
at that movie ad.
c0000401
I think you should do what
your heart tells you to.
c0000402
You have the talent
and experience.
c0000403
Even your manager
is eagerly awaiting your return.
c0000404
- This doesn't concern her.
c0000405
You really need
to mind your own business.
c0000406
- [stammers]
c0000407
Oh, the bathroom is--
- I'm going home now.
c0000408
- Wait, what about--
- You can have it.
c0000409
- [grunts]
c0000410
Since then, Mai hasn't been
showing up to school.
c0000411
It appears that I stepped on
a monumental mine of some sort.
c0000412
I dug a little deeper
than I should have.
c0000413
[exhales sharply]
c0000414
Hey, Kunimi.
c0000415
Do you know why Mai Sakurajima
went on hiatus
c0000416
from the entertainment industry?
c0000417
- I heard it was so she
could concentrate on studying
c0000418
but that's all she told
the public.
c0000419
- Azusagawa, it looks like that
reporter lady's here again.
c0000420
- Oh, hey.
It's been a while.
c0000421
- Sorry, but have we met before?
c0000422
- So that's how
you're gonna play, huh?
c0000423
Well, then,
it's nice to meet you.
c0000424
My info's on my business card.
c0000425
- What can I do for you today,
ma'am?
c0000426
- I was covering
a story about young sardines.
c0000427
And since I was in the area,
I thought I'd drop by.
c0000428
- What's your order?
c0000429
- I'd like one Sakuta to go,
please.
c0000430
- Sorry to inform you but we're
not that kind of establishment.
c0000431
You may wanna try
looking elsewhere.
c0000432
- You still won't talk even
a little bit about the incident?
c0000433
- I'll never talk about it.
c0000434
- Then how about you let
me take a picture
c0000435
of the scar on your chest
and we'll call it a day?
c0000436
- No, thank you.
c0000437
Unrelated subject,
but do you happen to know
c0000438
the reason Mai Sakurajima
went on hiatus?
c0000439
- Hmm?
c0000440
I think I know a few things that
the average person might not.
c0000441
I've done some researching.
c0000442
[birds chirping]
c0000443
- So, I've been hearing that
you're head-over-heels
c0000444
for Sakurajima these days.
c0000445
Does that mean you've gotten
over Shoko Makinohara?
c0000446
- How did you and Kunimi
both jump to that conclusion?
c0000447
- Here's some sugar
if you want it.
c0000448
- You sure this is safe
to consume?
c0000449
- I mean, it's probably sugar.
c0000450
It is white.
c0000451
Now, then,
what did you wanna ask me?
c0000452
- Well, do you think
it's possible
c0000453
to lose sight of someone?
c0000454
- See an optometrist
if you're having eye problems.
c0000455
- That's not the issue, Futaba.
c0000456
Like, what if someone is there
but you can't see them because
c0000457
they've become invisible?
c0000458
- Are you trying to think
of how to sneak into
c0000459
the girls' bathroom?
Oh, Azusagawa.
c0000460
You are such a rascal.
- Don't accuse me of that.
c0000461
- If you came here
to talk about puberty syndrome,
c0000462
I think I may have already told
you this but I don't actually
c0000463
believe it's a real thing.
c0000464
- I know.
You said it's not logical.
c0000465
I came here 'cause I thought
you could help me understand.
c0000466
So if I'm sitting right in front
of you exactly like I am now,
c0000467
could I just become invisible
to you?
c0000468
Is that even possible?
c0000469
- All I need to do
is get engrossed in something
c0000470
or simply space out.
c0000471
Human brains don't
really notice things
c0000472
that they don't want to see.
c0000473
- True, but what
if that's not quite it?
c0000474
- Then there's also
the measurement theory.
c0000475
- What does that entail?
c0000476
- It's the theory that
the existence
c0000477
of something in this world
is only confirmed to be real
c0000478
in the moment someone
observes it.
c0000479
Surely you know
the famous example
c0000480
of it involving the cat in
the box.
c0000481
- Right, what was that, again?
c0000482
- It's called
Schrodinger's Cat.
c0000483
- With Mai Sakurajima being
a star in the public eye,
c0000484
it meant everyone
was observing her.
c0000485
One custard-filled bun, please.
c0000486
- All right,
let me grab that for you.
c0000487
- Do you happen to know
who Mai Sakurajima is?
c0000488
- Mm?
- Ah, you know.
c0000489
The child actress who made
her debut by getting cast
c0000490
in a popular morning drama.
c0000491
- Sakurajima.
c0000492
Nope, it doesn't ring a bell.
c0000493
- If people aren't able
to observe her,
c0000494
that doesn't just mean they
literally can't see her.
c0000495
It means that
her existence itself...
c0000496
[gasps]
c0000497
[breathing heavily]
c0000498
- What took you so long?
c0000499
- [exhales]
c0000500
You really wanted
to see me that much, huh?
c0000501
[stomach growls]
- [gasps]
c0000502
[groans]
c0000503
- "I'm starving.
Feed me."
c0000504
- You are so annoying.
c0000505
- I'm aware of that,
more or less.
c0000506
By the way, why'd you turn into
a hungry girl character?
c0000507
- I can't buy things for myself.
c0000508
I've noticed that in
the past two weeks,
c0000509
more people are becoming unable
to see me.
c0000510
Anywhere around Fujisawa Station
is no good.
c0000511
- You're welcome to eat this,
if you'd like it.
c0000512
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000513
♪ ♪
c0000514
[exhales]
c0000515
May 6th, I encountered
a wild bunny girl.
c0000516
This was the start.
This is how we met.
c0000517
It's burned in my memory.
c0000518
If you forget,
you must remember.
c0000519
Don't mess up,
future me.
c0000520
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.